TW 202: LIKE keyword for list filter search attributes (#1842)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/app-dev-context/list-filter.md

  - **IN**
  - **BETWEEN ... AND**
  - **ORDER BY**

>   - **LIKE**

Reviewer: This file is also not in use by a guide config - it appears to be a direct duplicate of the concept file "what is a list filter" - so this file too can probably be deleted.

- Wildcards ('\*', '%', etc.) are supported for string-type List Filter Search Attributes.

  - Use wildcards with the **LIKE** operator to query possible values:

  ```bash

>   // get available string-type search attributes with "ProductId"
>   tctl admin cluster add-search-attributes --name ProductId --type String
> 
>   // get possible book values
>   ProductId LIKE "book%"
> 
>   // get possible favorite values
>   ProductId LIKE "%favorite%"

Reviewer 2: Tweaking Loren's changes:
```suggestion
  // Create a "ProductId" custom Search Attribute of type String.
  tctl admin cluster add-search-attributes --name ProductId --type String

  // Match values that start with "book".
  ProductId LIKE "book%"

  // Match values that contain "favorite".
  ProductId LIKE "%favorite%"
```

>   - Use wildcards with the **LIKE** operator to query possible values:
> 
>   ```bash
>   // get available string-type search attributes with "ProductId"
>   tctl admin cluster add-search-attributes --name ProductId --type String
> 
>   // get possible book values
>   ProductId LIKE "book%"
> 
>   // get possible favorite values
>   ProductId LIKE "%favorite%"
>   ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Use wildcards with the **LIKE** operator to query possible values:

  ```bash
  // create a "ProductId" custom search attribute of type String
  tctl admin cluster add-search-attributes --name ProductId --type String

  // match values that start with "book"
  ProductId LIKE "book%"

  // match values that contain "favorite"
  ProductId LIKE "%favorite%"
  ```
```
